EPISODE 30
He's incredible for holding
Erxi like that. It's so sensational!
Come here, Weiwei...
Should we go get Erxi back?
Are you silly or what?
Can't you feel
the love hearts floating
around Erxi and Cao Guang?
It's a classic prelude
to a budding romance.
Haven't you ever been in love?
Have I?
Sorry, I'll take her
for further education.
Will they really be okay?
Don't worry.
They didn't damage school property.
I'm not worried about school property.
Mr. Xiao Nai, why do you have time
to come see us take graduation photos?
Weren't you being interviewed?
You know so much about me.
You even saw my interview.
I only watched five, six,
seven or eight minutes.
That's 26 minutes total.
So you saw the main point?
When did I agree to be your fiancée?
You tell me.
Hi, are you Mr. Xiao Nai?
I'm a fan and a dedicated player of
"A New Chinese Ghost Story."
Can I have your autograph?
My autograph won't mean much,
but thanks for supporting our game.
Yes, I'll keep supporting it.
We'll get out of your hair now.
Bye, Mr. Xiao.
Let's go, fiancé.
Take my luggage to Xiaoling's place.
Weiwei, when did I agree
to be your fiancé?
I know you well.
I think I can transport
your luggage for you. Let's go.
The four of us
will still be living together.
We just move from the dorm
to Xiaoling's place.
It doesn't feel like we've graduated.
Plus, the office is so close.
Dazhong doesn't mind
you girls living with Xiaoling?
Why would he mind?
Get in.
Dazhong doesn't mind it, but I do.
My bedding and pillow
are at Xiaoling's place.
Use mine.
You only have one pillow.
It'll do.
Sleeping on the couch too often
can ruin your spine.
Who says I'm sleeping on the couch?
You promised.
I know. I won't.
When will you let me graduate?
Graduate from what?
Haven't you made me study
voluntary control for two years?
Voluntary control?
Self-control.
Be quiet. Don't move.
After the graduation ceremony in two days,
let's go to Wuhan.
Okay.
We'll drive.
Drive? Why? Wuhan is so far.
Anyway, I'm not moving back
to work in Wuhan,
and I don't have much luggage.
You grew up there.
You'll have stuff to bring back.
It's more convenient to drive.
So, you're driving,
not because we're moving stuff home,
but to move stuff here?
That's right.
Weiwei, I have decided
never to return you to your parents.
Old Bei, they'll be here soon.
Go greet them at the entrance.
Why bother?
Isn't Weiwei with him?
They won't be lost.
It's our son-in-law's first visit.
Why are you looking like that?
Son-in-law? Did I give my consent?
He's not our son-in-law, until I say so.
What's with Weiwei anyway?
She's just graduated
and she wants to get married.
With her looks and her background,
she can have any man!
Why is she in a hurry to get married?
It's infuriating.
I'm telling you,
in terms of our future son-in-law,
I already have a comprehensive
assessment plan.
If he fails in one category,
there's no marriage.
Don't you jump on the bandwagon
and ruin my plan!
Just watch your ball game.
I want no part in your stupid plan.
I've seen our son-in-law's photo.
I'm very pleased.
Photo?
Don't you scare him off, I'm telling you.
Or you can spend
the rest of your life alone.
If you won't go greet them, I will.
Hey...
Why would you pick a son-in-law
from a photo?
Can a pretty face alone support a family?
Long hair and short-sighted, indeed.
You've always been like that.
Can he be more handsome than me?
I don't think so!
Make a left, okay. It's straight up ahead.
My mom's here.
Auntie.
- Mom!
- My baby girl!
- Have you missed me?
- Yes.
How was the drive? Are you tired?
I wasn't the one driving.
You're so silly. Introduce us.
Mom, let me introduce you.
This is Xiao Nai.
Xiao Nai, this is my mom, Chen Fang.
- How are you, Auntie?
- Good, very good.
Where's Dad?
Your Dad's at home.
You must be tired from the drive.
Come on, let's go eat.
Sure. Let me park the car.
- You didn't have to bring anything.
- It's a must.
Come, let's go home.
Let's go.
- Is it heavy? I'll help you.
- It's fine.
Stamina, endurance, IQ, EQ...
Here... Come on...
- Make yourself at home.
- Wear your shoes inside.
Old Bei, they're here.
Dad!
Dad, let me introduce you.
This is Xiao Nai.
Xiao Nai, this is my Dad.
- Hello, Uncle.
- Hi.
Dad, Xiao Nai brought you nice tea.
Their tea has nothing on the tea here.
Fine... Since you already brought it,
just put it there.
He bought a lot of stuff,
including caterpillar fungus
and bird's nest for Mom.
Thank you.
You bought such expensive ingredients,
but I don't know how to use them.
I'll write down the recipes.
Sure... There's no hurry. Let's eat.
Go wash your hands. Let's eat.
The restroom is this way. Come on.
Old Bei, why are you acting like this?
Can't you show some dignity?
You act like you've never seen
caterpillar fungus!
- I'll go serve the dishes.
- Hurry!
Here. It's clean.
His height is okay.
Here are the crawfish.
Here.
Crawfish are in season now.
Xiao Nai, Wuhan-style crawfish
is different from other places.
Steaming is the best way
to keep the sweetness of crawfish.
Try it.
Here.
Dad, have some, too.
Here's a big one for you. Eat up...
I'm telling you,
my dad's dipping sauce is the best.
It's okay.
Eat up, Xiao Nai.
I don't cook as well as Weiwei's Dad,
but I also make authentic
Wuhan-style dishes.
Thanks, Auntie. It's good.
Xiao, Weiwei tells me,
you're in the business of making games?
That's right.
The job doesn't sound very reliable.
Why isn't it reliable?
Aren't I in the same business?
You're not the same.
Eat your food. I'm asking him.
Anyway, since you're in that business,
your future husband
should have
a comparatively stable job, no?
Games are the earliest products we made.
In the past two years,
we have expanded into other software.
That's even worse.
You should stay focused in a job, no?
If you're doing one thing here,
one thing there,
that's not being focused.
Old Bei, you just got a new job.
Why don't you say you're not focused?
No, I... How am I not focused?
How is this the same as getting a new job?
How is not the same?
You always use double standards.
You're nitpicking.
- Why can't you talk nicely?
- How am I not talking nicely?
In front of...
Auntie and Uncle
have such a loving relationship.
Congratulations, you noticed right away.
Here, eat up.
You should eat more and talk less.
Eat...
- Eat up.
- Hurry.
Thanks.
Xiao Nai!
So sorry about that.
Weiwei's Dad is acting weird.
I don't know what's gotten into him.
We were going to have you
room with him, but...
It's okay. Thanks, Auntie.
Well, get some rest soon.
Thanks for driving.
Thanks for driving. Good night.
DAILY LIVING
DOES NOT SNORE
NO STRANGE SMELL
Young man, are you holding up?
If so, then hurry!
STAMINA: PASS
Weiwei...
Coming!
What's going on?
We ran into your aunt
giving us a sack of rice.
And someone happens
to send a box of drinks?
Correct!
It's so hot. Honey?
You put up with my dad?
I think we should have a son.
How did you jump to that conclusion?
You haven't won my dad over.
When Uncle made me run 5,000 meters,
I was thinking,
if we had a daughter,
I would probably give
our future son-in-law an even harder time.
I've even come up with a plan.
But if that happens,
our daughter won't ever get married.
So, it's better to have a son.
I can show him how to net
someone else's daughter.
I'm someone else's daughter, aren't I?
Oh, no! I accidentally
let my missus find out.
I'm not yours yet. I'll go talk to my dad.
What's this?
Comrade Old Bei,
are you sure this is a good idea?
What?
Sugar-coated bombs are useless.
I'm telling you, you're letting
the romance get to your head.
Your mom was sold,
as soon as she saw his pretty face.
Right now,
we need a clear-headed person
in the family, and that's me.
Yes, Dad.
I swear, he's not sugar-coated.
He's just a regular bomb.
But Dad, don't you think
your requirement indicators
- are a bit odd?
- Why are they odd?
Schools want students who excel
in moral, intellectual, physical,
art, and labor education, right?
I'm looking for a son-in-law.
Shouldn't my standards be even higher?
But, Dad, just think,
if Xiao Nai's parents
also assessed me the same way,
- wouldn't you be upset?
- Of course! They can't do that.
Kid, I'm being serious with you.
Weiwei, I'm not trying to stop you,
but marriage
is a huge deal in a girl's life.
I just want you
to give yourself more time.
Seriously consider what you want
for your future self.
Don't make a hasty decision.
This guy, Xiao... Yes,
he's good all-around
and he knows everything.
You can say that he's even more perfect
than your dad, when I was young.
But he's too perfect,
and that's worrisome.
What kind of logic is that?
Plus, he doesn't know everything.
He can't cook, for one.
He can't cook?
All right, I'm telling you,
just this alone
cancels out
all of his other finer qualities.
No good.
How can you do that, Dad?
Once married, you'll do grocery shopping,
cooking, and waiting on him.
No way.
- Dad!
- I nearly forgot this point.
It's a no-go, since he can't cook.
I did more damage than good.
You're better off on your own.
Let me go talk to Uncle.
Mom, do you think Old Bei is giving
Xiao Nai a hard time?
No, they've only been talking
for 10 minutes.
Good. It's decided then.
Weiwei, listen,
if you want to get married, do it soon.
As soon as you can.
Wait, silly girl.
Why are you still sitting here?
You two should go talk, go...
- What's going on?
- Listen...
What did you say to my dad?
Why did he make an about-face
and now can't wait to marry me off?
We talked about you as a kid.
- That's it?
- Yes.
Uncle seems to like kids a lot.
I mentioned the relaxation
of the one-child policy,
and that we can have two kids.
If they all look like you,
they'll be adorable.
What's that got to do with us
getting married now?
Your Dad probably thinks
it'd be nice to have two grandkids soon.
Young people...
Young people should get married soon.
Get married soon, and have kids soon.
She'll recover faster,
while she's young. No?
You win.
I'm about to be a grandfather!
You mean, I'm about to be a grandmother?
That's right!
Someone's about to be a grandmother!
Come inside, Weiwei!
Mom, it's a done deal.
You can come ask for her hand in marriage.
- Your parents will be here tomorrow?
- Yes.
So soon?
Ms. Bei sounds reluctant.
Ms. Bei thinks life is so unreal.
I'm totally unprepared.
My parents had wanted me
to go to Wuhan University.
But I thought,
I'd never been to another city,
so I applied for Qing University.
If I'd gone to Wuhan University,
I probably wouldn't have met you.
- What are you thinking about?
- Parallel universe theory.
Why are you thinking about that?
I'm thinking,
if a parallel universe does exist,
and that Bei Weiwei
went to Wuhan University,
wouldn't that mean
that Xiao Nai would never get married?
I'd pity him.
Wouldn't he find someone else?
He must be very picky.
I think that Bei Weiwei
would be very picky, too.
Anyway, life is long.
They'd eventually meet.
Maybe in their sixties,
when they're both old.
One day, they'd meet
and spark a twilight romance.
- Twilight romance?
- Yes.
People in their 60s,
both single, and they make do as a couple.
Weiwei...
Let's move up our wedding date.
Why?
Making up for the time lost
by the two sexagenarians.
Making up for it in quality time.
- Cheers!
Here... Eat up...
- There's a lot of food.
- Help yourself.
You're too kind.
Eat up...
- Here, have some.
- Right...
- Eat up! It's good stuff.
- Eat up, Xiao Nai.
It's so lovely!
Weiwei, I love this style.
Simple and classy.
When I get married,
will Lord design my home?
Me, too! I love your interior design.
I helped, too. I can design your place.
Your designs are old-fashioned.
You're shallow!
I did the interior design with Lord.
You had to give him all the credit.
Weiwei, bring out your wedding gown!
- We came to see the wedding gown.
- Exactly!
You can go see it in the bedroom.
I can't carry it.
- You can't carry it?
- What?
Where's the bedroom?
The phoenix coronet?
This bridal headdress is gorgeous!
I thought it'd be like a cap.
I don't like those.
Those are good, too, just too heavy.
How much did this cost?
I don't know. You'd have to ask him.
More than 100,000?
My goodness! You'll be wearing
a bathroom on your head!
Can't you say something nice?
He said this won't depreciate in value.
So it's not a waste of money.
Right? Lord's wedding
can't be haphazard, can it?
Even if Weiwei does wear
a bathroom on her head,
it'd be okay.
So, it doesn't depreciate in value,
but it won't lay eggs. Is it worth it?
Weiwei will lay eggs.
I have offspring, not eggs. Okay?
I love this. It's so pretty.
I don't get it.
Why do we wear white wedding gowns
like Westerners?
Our traditional phoenix coronet
and robe of rank are prettier.
That's right. I used to love
the outfits in martial arts films.
I'd wrap myself in a blanket
and pretend I'm wearing period costume.
Put it on and let us see!
I don't know how to wear this.
- What?
- Do you know how? Huh?
- No, not me.
Weiwei is getting married so soon!
Not soon, I'm registered already.
Let's see! Hurry!
This has got to be the prettiest
marriage registration photo.
Girl, what's the hurry?
Are you pregnant?
- Let me see!
- If I don't hurry,
you might run off with a certain diplomat.
Then I might not get
a red envelop from you!
Don't mention that rascal Cao Guang!
I must have lost my mind, to apply for
the Ministry of Foreign Affairs.
I didn't mention Cao Guang.
I only said a certain diplomat.
I'll bite you!
Okay... Enough, it's just Cao Guang.
And you!
Don't walk us out.
We'll get a cab downstairs.
I wasn't going to.
- You're awful!
- You're visiting?
Mr. Xiao...
We're leaving now. We won't disturb you.
You're going to have a wedding soon.
Should you be living together?
Why don't you permit Weiwei
to stay with us at Xiaoling's tonight?
I need permission to stay out overnight?
Maybe not tonight.
I thought you didn't need permission?
It's getting late. I'll drive you home.
Okay, don't play shy.
I'll let you look at him
a little longer today.
Don't be silly. We're not shy about that.
- Right?
- Bye-bye...
- Bye-bye!
- Bye-bye! See you.
You're back already?
- Their place...
- The wedding gown's here?
It arrived this afternoon.
I went to take a shower,
and I thought the dress was a bit dirty.
So I wanted to wash it,
but I don't know how to wear it.
I do. I'll put it on you.
This is the first piece.
Weiwei, I can't wait any longer.
Weiwei, let me show you a place.
Tomorrow, all these computers
will be cleared out.
The place is shutting down?
I'll move Zhiyi's office here.
I already bought the place.
Fantastic!
It's best to have your own place.
That will be the conference room.
This is the office area.
There will be a small kitchen.
The space in the back will be
an open entertainment area.
When I first saw you,
you were sitting right there.
It was love at first sight for you,
wasn't it?
I just now realized, you're a total lech.
Do you disagree?
No, but it doesn't quite do me justice.
I'm at least a voracious lech.
You're not ashamed? You're proud of it?
As a picky, non-omnivorous lech,
it's more shameful to not be voracious.
Let me check out the back.
This can be Lord's office.
Right, Lord?
Hey! What are you doing?
Thinking about your earlier question.
Did I ask you a question?
I'm thinking,
if I'd known what I know now,
I'd definitely be in love,
at the first sight of you.
Subtitle translation by Lu Yuhan